Django is a high-level Python Web framework that encourages rapid
development and clean, pragmatic design.


About this version
==================

This is the Django 0.90 "bugfixes" branch, which is intended to
provide bugfix and patch support for users of Django 0.90 who have not
been able to migrate to a more recent version. No new features will be
added in this branch, and it is maintained solely as a means of
providing support to legacy Django installations.

If you're completely new to Django we highly recommend that you use
either the latest stable release or a Subversion checkout from
Django's trunk; Django is always evolving, and the latest and greatest
features are only available to users of newer versions of the
framework.


More information
================

The complete history of bugs fixed in this branch can be viewed online
at http://code.djangoproject.com/log/django/branches/0.90-bugfixes.

We also recommend that users of this branch subscribe to the
"django-announce" mailing list, a low-traffic, announcements-only list
which will send messages whenever an important (i.e.,
security-related) bug is fixed. You can subscribe to the list via
Google Groups at http://groups.google.com/group/django-announce.

The documentation for this version of Django has been frozen, and is
available online at http://www.djangoproject.com/documentation/0_90/.


Submitting bugs
===============

If you run into a bug in Django 0.90, please search the Django ticket
database to see if the issue has already been reported; if not, please
head over to http://code.djangoproject.com/newticket and file a new
ticket with as much information about the bug as you can provide.

If you're running into a bug which has been reported but not fixed,
feel free to update the ticket with any additional information you
have, and to assign it to 'ubernostrum' (AKA James Bennett, the
maintainer of this branch).

